flight booking :
Flight Reservation and Booking
We have a robust online flight booking 
system which gives us an edge at booking local and international flights at competitive prices. We provide 
travel advisory services and 
a structured travel itinerary for clients to suit their interests.
 We also handle changes and other issues that may pop up before or during the trip.



VISA ASSISTANCE | DOCUMENTATIONS | VISA SUPPORT

 Rightchoioce Travels & Tours provides visa assistance, visa support, documentations and we also help our clients to obtain a
 valid visa to travel to countries around the world, and other visa related services to individuals and corporate clients across industries.
We have built a trusted corporate portfolio across embassies and consulates in Nigeria and beyond, and this gives us a kind of unparalleled 
leverage over the competition. We pursue all those little applications, facilitating and providing advisory services in relation 
 to visa acquisition for and on behalf of clients.
Visa Consultation
We provide visa consultation and visa support packages to most countries worldwide, providing visa forms, requirements and documentations.

Our main destinations includes:
import {
  Navbar,
  MobileNav,
  Typography,
  Button,
  IconButton,
  Card,
} from "@material-tailwind/react";


Study Abroad Packages
rightchoioce Travels and Tours is an official representative of a wide range of universities 
and colleges worldwide. We have study abroad packages for countries like Turkey, UK, Cyprus, Canada, Scotland, etc. Our Study Abroad 
packages include admission processing, visa support, fees payment, scholarship abroad, 
etc. We have a track record of successful admission processings. When you buy any
of our study abroad package, with the right document and our assistance, your admission is guaranteed..



Travel Insurance
Travel Insurance

Hotel Reservations & Airport PickUp Services
Our Reservations packages are available for individual, couples and groups. We also pre-arrange airport 
Transfers from and to most airport globally, transportation for travelers between an airport and their destination,
 whether it be a hotel, cruise port or another local point of interest. With over 200,000 hotels worldwide, 
 our clients are guaranteed to get the best of relaxation

